{
  "type": "episode",
  "draft": false,
  "show_slug": "self-hosted",
  "show_name": "Self-Hosted",
  "episode": 139,
  "episode_padded": "0139",
  "episode_guid": "237a187c-07df-411f-87d6-24a536ba799a",
  "slug": "139",
  "title": "Okay Nabu!",
  "description": "The Home Assistant Voice Preview Edition is out, and Paulus Schoutsen, the founder of Home Assistant, joins us to get into the details.",
  "date": "2024-12-27T02:00:00-08:00",
  "header_image": "/images/shows/self-hosted.png",
  "categories": [
    "Self-Hosted"
  ],
  "tags": [
    "audio processing",
    "cloud option",
    "community driven",
    "docker",
    "esp32-s3",
    "esphome",
    "expandability",
    "hardware design",
    "home assistant",
    "home automation",
    "jupiter broadcasting",
    "local control",
    "nabu casa",
    "nix server",
    "open home",
    "open source",
    "physical controls",
    "privacy focused",
    "self-hosting podcast",
    "tailscale",
    "voice assistant",
    "xmos processor",
    "yeet"
  ],
  "hosts": [
    "alex",
    "chris"
  ],
  "guests": [
    "paulus"
  ],
  "sponsors": [
    "unraid.net-ssh",
    "tailscale.com-ssh",
    "keeb.io-ssh"
  ],
  "podcast_duration": "00:53:16",
  "podcast_file": "https://aphid.fireside.fm/d/1437767933/7296e34a-2697-479a-adfb-ad32329dd0b0/237a187c-07df-411f-87d6-24a536ba799a.mp3",
  "podcast_bytes": 44755614,
  "podcast_chapters": {
    "version": "1.1.0",
    "chapters": [
      {
        "startTime": 0,
        "title": "Intro",
        "img": null,
        "url": null,
        "toc": null,
        "endTime": null,
        "location": null
      },
      {
        "startTime": 59,
        "title": "Interview with Paulus Schoutsen",
        "img": null,
        "url": null,
        "toc": null,
        "endTime": null,
        "location": null
      },
      {
        "startTime": 1451,
        "title": "NixOS on the Server",
        "img": null,
        "url": null,
        "toc": null,
        "endTime": null,
        "location": null
      },
      {
        "startTime": 2461,
        "title": "Yeet",
        "img": null,
        "url": null,
        "toc": null,
        "endTime": null,
        "location": null
      },
      {
        "startTime": 3081,
        "title": "Outro",
        "img": null,
        "url": null,
        "toc": null,
        "endTime": null,
        "location": null
      }
    ],
    "author": "Jupiter Broadcasting",
    "title": "139: Okay Nabu!",
    "podcastName": "Self-Hosted",
    "description": null,
    "fileName": null,
    "waypoints": null
  },
  "podcast_alt_file": null,
  "podcast_ogg_file": null,
  "video_file": null,
  "video_hd_file": null,
  "video_mobile_file": null,
  "youtube_link": null,
  "jb_url": null,
  "fireside_url": "/139"
}


### Episode Links

  * [⚡ Grab Sats with Strike Around the World](https://strike.me/download/ "⚡ Grab Sats with Strike Around the World") — Strike is a lightning-powered app that lets you quickly and cheaply grab sats in over 100 countries.
  * [🇨🇦 Bitcoin Well](https://bitcoinwell.com/ "🇨🇦  Bitcoin Well") — Empowering sovereign ownership with free automatic self-custody 🔒
  * [🎉 Boost with Fountain FM](https://fountain.fm/show/LxGQPEpBqTDLxF4d6qC5 "🎉 Boost with Fountain FM") — Fountain 1.1 with Nostr support, upgrades, and super simple Strike integration for easy Boosts. You can also Boost from the Web via their site.
  * [Home Assistant Voice ](https://www.home-assistant.io/voice-pe "Home Assistant Voice ") — Home Assistant Voice is the open source, privacy-focused voice assistant hardware built to seamlessly connect with Home Assistant, allowing anyone to preview the future of voice today. Its advanced audio processor and dual microphones allow it to hear your commands and control devices. Tactile controls, the injection-molded case and LED ring lend to its premium feel, allowing it to blend into the home.
  * [Paulus Schoutsen on GitHub](https://github.com/balloob "Paulus Schoutsen on GitHub") — I am Paulus Schoutsen and I work on privacy focused smart homes. I do this by building Home Assistant. I started the project in 2013 and now it's one of the most active open source projects in the world! Besides that I also work on ESPHome, ESP Web Tools, Improv Wi-Fi and more.
  * [Nabu Casa](https://www.nabucasa.com/about/ "Nabu Casa") — Nabu Casa, Inc was founded in 2018 by the founders of both Home Assistant, the open source home automation platform, and Home Assistant OS, the operating system that turns your device into a smart home hub powered by Home Assistant. These projects have seen an immense growth and have helped shape DIY home automation communities around the world.
  * [Open Home Foundation](https://www.openhomefoundation.org/ "Open Home Foundation") — The Open Home Foundation fights for the fundamental principles of privacy, choice, and sustainability for smart homes. And for every person who lives in one. It does this by supporting the development of open-source projects, and open connectivity and communication standards. 
  * [github.com/shayne](https://github.com/shayne "github.com/shayne") — Co-founder @ review.ai | Ex-Tailscale Product | First Engineer @ Instagram


