+++
title = "Rusty Stadia"
description = """We debate Rust's role as a replacement for C, and share our take on the future of gaming with Google's Stadia."""
date = "2019-03-26"
draft = false
categories = ["Coder Radio"]
tags = [".net",".net foundation","c","c++","coder radio","concurrency","developer podcast","game streaming","go","google","google stadia","java","javascript","linux","linux gaming","memory management","objective-c","open source","parallelism","python","redmonk","ruby","rust","typescript","vulkan"]
hosts = ["michael","wes"]
guests = []
sponsors = []
header_image = "/images/shows/coderradio.png"
type = "episode"

episode = 350
podcast_duration = "00:42:18"
podcast_file = "https://aphid.fireside.fm/d/1437767933/b44de5fa-47c1-4e94-bf9e-c72f8d1c8f5d/9cc8d8b9-3b0b-4900-8aa5-23f2e8af0909.mp3"
podcast_bytes = "30462873"

youtube_link = ""
video_file = ""
+++

## Episode links

  * [The RedMonk Programming Language Rankings: January 2019](https://redmonk.com/sogrady/2019/03/20/language-rankings-1-19/ "The RedMonk Programming Language Rankings: January 2019") — The idea is not to offer a statistically valid representation of current usage, but rather to correlate language discussion and usage in an effort to extract insights into potential future adoption trends. 
  * [Hello .Net Foundation - dominickm.com](http://dominickm.com/hello-net-foundation/ "Hello .Net Foundation - dominickm.com") — I am pleased to share that I have joined the .Net Foundation. 
  * [Avalonia: A multi-platform .NET UI framework](https://github.com/AvaloniaUI/Avalonia "Avalonia: A multi-platform .NET UI framework") — Avalonia is a WPF-inspired cross-platform XAML-based UI framework providing a flexible styling system and supporting a wide range of OSs: Windows (.NET Framework, .NET Core), Linux (GTK), MacOS, Android and iOS. 
  * [Google’s Stadia looks like an early beta of the future of gaming](https://www.theverge.com/2019/3/20/18273977/google-stadia-cloud-game-streaming-service-report "Google’s Stadia looks like an early beta of the future of gaming") — “The future of gaming is not a box,” according to Google. “It’s a place.” Just like how humans have built stadiums for sports over hundreds of years, Google believes it’s building a virtual stadium, aptly dubbed Stadia, for the future of games to be played anywhere. 
  * [Stadia](https://stadia.dev/ "Stadia") — Push the envelope of game development with Stadia.
  * [Rust is not a good C replacement | Drew DeVault’s Blog](https://drewdevault.com/2019/03/25/Rust-is-not-a-good-C-replacement.html "Rust is not a good C replacement | Drew DeVault’s Blog") — The kitchen sink approach doesn’t work. Rust will eventually fail to the “jack of all trades, master of none” problem that C++ has. Wise languages designers start small and stay small. Wise systems programmers extend this philosophy to designing entire systems, and Rust is probably not going to be invited. I understand that many people, particularly those already enamored with Rust, won’t agree with much of this article. But now you know why we are still writing C, and hopefully you’ll stop bloody bothering us about it.
  * [Introduction to Python Development at Linux Academy](https://linuxacademy.com/devops/training/course/name/intro-to-python-development?utm_source=social&utm_medium=twitter&utm_campaign=2019_aprilcourselaunch "Introduction to Python Development at Linux Academy") — This course is designed to teach you how to program using Python. We'll cover the building blocks of the language, programming design fundamentals, how to use the standard library, third-party packages, and how to create Python projects. In the end, you should have a grasp of how to program.
  * [Marc-Etienne M.Léveillé on Twitter](https://twitter.com/marc_etienne_/status/1110202451842478087 "Marc-Etienne M.Léveillé on Twitter") — Here's something interesting: the backdoor in ASUS Update Setup.exe is _again_ located in the CRT, just like the CCleaner case and recent games with a backdoor. This time in _crtExitProcess.

