+++
title = "Testing the Test"
description = """The guys can't help but laugh when they hear the test tests one well-known online giant is testing. You might say they get a bit testy."""
date = "2021-01-27"
draft = false
categories = ["Coder Radio"]
tags = [".net","alacritty","apple m1","automated tests","big sur‌ vpn","electron","facebook","flutter","framework","gtk","k3s","linode","linux on m1","ml","probabilistic flakines","qt","rust","testing","ubuntu server","unit testing","wsl2"]
hosts = ["chris","michael"]
guests = []
sponsors = ["linode.com-cr","datadog.com-cr","acloudguru.com-cr"]
header_image = "/images/shows/coderradio.png"
type = "episode"

episode = 398
podcast_duration = "00:36:35"
podcast_file = "https://aphid.fireside.fm/d/1437767933/b44de5fa-47c1-4e94-bf9e-c72f8d1c8f5d/cde8dcd0-189c-41a4-aca2-5a9dfe0ac579.mp3"
podcast_bytes = "26351409"

youtube_link = ""
video_file = ""
+++

## Episode links

  * [Alacritty: A cross-platform, OpenGL terminal emulator.](https://github.com/alacritty/alacritty "Alacritty: A cross-platform, OpenGL terminal emulator.") — Alacritty is a modern terminal emulator that comes with sensible defaults, but allows for extensive configuration. By integrating with other applications, rather than reimplementing their functionality, it manages to provide a flexible set of features with high performance. The supported platforms currently consist of BSD, Linux, macOS and Windows.
  * [How We Ported Linux to the M1](https://corellium.com/blog/linux-m1 "How We Ported Linux to the M1") — At Corellium, we've been tracking the Apple mobile ecosystem since iPhone 6, released in 2014 with two 64-bit cores. 
  * [Apple Seeds Second Release Candidate Version of macOS Big Sur 11.2 to Developers](https://www.macrumors.com/2021/01/25/apple-seeds-macos-11-2-release-candidate-2/ "Apple Seeds Second Release Candidate Version of macOS Big Sur 11.2 to Developers") — ‌macOS Big Sur‌ 11 included a ContentFilterExclusionList that let Apple's apps like the App Store, Maps, iCloud, and more to avoid firewall and VPN apps that users had installed
  * [Probabilistic flakiness: How do you test your tests? ](https://engineering.fb.com/2020/12/10/developer-tools/probabilistic-flakiness/ "Probabilistic flakiness: How do you test your tests? ") — While we use automated tests to detect regressions in product quality, until recently we had no means of automatically detecting whether the tests themselves were deteriorating.

