+++
title = "Touched by the Bar"
description = """Mike visits Pallet Town and comes back with some SQLAlchemy performance wisdom to share. Meanwhile, struggling with a lack of performance, Chris has kicked the tires of his new M1 Max MacBook Pro and is ready to share his counter-narrative take on the new hardware."""
date = "2021-12-01"
draft = false
categories = ["Coder Radio"]
tags = ["bumpr","clipboard manager","coder radio","development podcast","ditto","elgato stream deck","intel build time","junction for linux","linux virtual machine","m1 election performance","m1 max review","metal","parallels desktop 17","performance","python productivity tricks","sqlalchemy","vifo","virtio gpu","visual studio code for python"]
hosts = ["chris","michael"]
guests = []
sponsors = ["acloudguru.com-cr","system76.com-cr","linode.com-cr"]
header_image = "/images/shows/coderradio.png"
type = "episode"

episode = 442
podcast_duration = "00:47:52"
podcast_file = "https://aphid.fireside.fm/d/1437767933/b44de5fa-47c1-4e94-bf9e-c72f8d1c8f5d/47820d42-0a2a-4d60-bdc6-e8eb0a86f735.mp3"
podcast_bytes = "34475281"

youtube_link = ""
video_file = ""
+++

## Episode links

  * [Ditto](https://github.com/sabrogden/Ditto "Ditto") — Ditto is an extension to the Windows Clipboard. You copy something to the Clipboard and Ditto takes what you copied and stores it in a database to retrieve at a later time.
  * [Maccy](https://github.com/p0deje/Maccy "Maccy") — Maccy is a lightweight clipboard manager for macOS. It keeps the history of what you copy and lets you quickly navigate, search, and use previous clipboard contents.
  * [SUSE-Cafe: Personal Color scheme for KDE Plasma 5](https://github.com/LyrixCaz/SUSE-Cafe "SUSE-Cafe: Personal Color scheme for KDE Plasma 5") — Coffee lovers rejoice! I'm sharing my personal color scheme. Simple, easy on the eyes, and chocolatey! 
  * [Advanced Visual Studio Code for Python Developers](https://realpython.com/advanced-visual-studio-code-python/ "Advanced Visual Studio Code for Python Developers") — During this tutorial, you’ll learn how you can configure, extend, and optimize VS Code for a more effective and productive Python development environment. After finishing this tutorial, you’ll have a variety of tools to help you be more productive using VS Code. It can be a powerful tool for rapid Python development. 
  * [Pallet Town: SQLAlchemy Performance I](https://dominickm.com/pallet-town-sqlalchemy-performance-i/ "Pallet Town: SQLAlchemy Performance I") — SQLAlchemy is the standard ORM toolkit for Python programs and it can be a little intimidating, especially for folks who haven’t done much database development. It also, like just about every ORM, is laden with pitfalls for developers who haven’t deal with even medium-scale database-powered applications. Once you get some of the basics down, these three tips should help you avoid those pitfalls.
  * [Parallels Desktop 17](https://www.parallels.com/news/press-releases/show/pd17-for-mac-launches/ "Parallels Desktop 17") — Support for VirGL in Virtio GPU which enables Linux 3D acceleration out of the box in supported Linux distributions, brings visual performance improvements, and allows using the Wayland protocol in Linux virtual machines.

