{
  "type": "episode",
  "draft": false,
  "show_slug": "coder-radio",
  "show_name": "Coder Radio",
  "episode": 33,
  "episode_padded": "0033",
  "episode_guid": "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000",
  "slug": "33",
  "title": "Just Ship",
  "description": "When is the time right to launch your project? Mike and Chris discuss how understanding your market can be key to answering that question, building a community, advertising, and when to just ship it. Plus: Things to tell your IT guy, QA war stories, and a batch of your feedback!",
  "date": "2013-01-21",
  "header_image": "/images/shows/coder-radio.png",
  "categories": [
    "Coder Radio"
  ],
  "tags": [],
  "hosts": [
    "chris",
    "michael"
  ],
  "guests": [],
  "sponsors": [],
  "podcast_duration": null,
  "podcast_file": null,
  "podcast_bytes": null,
  "podcast_chapters": null,
  "podcast_alt_file": "https://traffic.libsyn.com/jbmirror/cr-0033-mp3.mp3",
  "podcast_ogg_file": "https://traffic.libsyn.com/jbmirror/cr-0033-ogg.ogg",
  "video_file": "http://201301.jb-dl.cdn.scaleengine.net/coderradio/2013/cr-0033-432p.mp4",
  "video_hd_file": null,
  "video_mobile_file": null,
  "youtube_link": "https://youtu.be/qXS0te4V6ww",
  "jb_url": "/30516/just-ship-cr-33/index.html",
  "fireside_url": "/33"
}


### Episode Links

#### Feedback

  * New Coder wants to when he is considered to “know” a language.

  * Luke asks:

> “How is it you come to figure out the right tools (languages) for the rightob, and once you do that, what's the anticipated 'study time' that needs to
> go into learning to use the language well enough to feel like you can
> actually do what you've set out to do?”

  * [Eric shares a development contest](http://nyehealth.org/patient-portal-for-new-yorkers/index.html)
  * Hayden wants to know what I think of JavaFX

  * [mdominick.com – Give Duke a Break](http://blog.mdominick.com/indexcd6e.html?p=364\\%22)

* * *

#### Brian’s War Story

> Hello Michael and Chris,
>
> I work in a medium sized development shop with about 20 developers working
> on what's essentially an enterprise client side app. I have always
> considered our process for releasing bug fix updates as being rather
> backwards and poorly executed. Essentially our head of "QA" will send an
> e-mail one morning to all developers that the code is "frozen".
>
> He will then do a build, test it for 4 or 5 days and then send an e-mail to
> everyone that the code is "unfrozen". During this "frozen" time the
> developers are still expected to continue fixing bugs but rather than check
> in their changes they are supposed to "sit" on them, usually for several
> days, until the "unfrozen" e-mail is sent out. At this point a free-for-all
> of code check in commences with all sorts of conflict and collision
> shenanigans.
>
> That said, there is nothing physically restricting the checking in of code.
> If a developer doesn't see the "fr eeze" e-mail or simply forgets after a
> few days then "QA" unleashes their wrath on the poor sod. I'm sure you can
> see all sorts of problems with this joke of a build/test/release process and
> I am even a little embarrassed just describing it. I would like to offer
> some suggestions to my superiors about ways to improve this and was
> wondering if you guys had any thoughts or suggestions.
>
> One, perhaps obvious idea would be to switch to using Git as we are still
> using the ancient CVS for source control. However I'm still very much a
> novice and trying to learn it better in my spare time. How would you suggest
> to use Git in a way that we can improve our build/test/release cycle? Do you
> have any other thoughts or suggestions to bring our release cycle up to a
> more sane and reasonable, not to mention modern process?
>
> Thanks for your thoughts and thank you for the awesome show you do each
> week.
>
> Sincerely,
>  Brian M.

* * *

#### Launch!

  * How do you know when your project is ready to launch?

  * Is this really a bug?

    * Bug? or new feature?
  * Do I have to be 100% bug free to ship?

    * Is that even possible
  * What market?


