{
  "type": "episode",
  "draft": false,
  "show_slug": "coder-radio",
  "show_name": "Coder Radio",
  "episode": 348,
  "episode_padded": "0348",
  "episode_guid": "7effd6b8-f69b-4694-8974-cd5abf666fb1",
  "slug": "348",
  "title": "Dependency Dangers",
  "description": "Mike has salvaged a success story from the dumpster fire of the Google+ shutdown, and Wes shares his grief about brittle and repetitive unit tests.",
  "date": "2019-03-11T22:30:00-07:00",
  "header_image": "/images/shows/coder-radio.png",
  "categories": [
    "Coder Radio"
  ],
  "tags": [
    "api shutdown",
    "automation",
    "aws",
    "battery life",
    "breaking change",
    "brendan gregg",
    "build server",
    "chrome",
    "ci",
    "clojure",
    "clojurescript",
    "cloud9",
    "code signing",
    "code-server",
    "coder radio",
    "darter pro",
    "dependencies",
    "developer podcast",
    "ebpf",
    "elementary os",
    "fastlane",
    "firefox",
    "functional programming",
    "generative testing",
    "gitlab",
    "google",
    "google plus",
    "google+",
    "haskell",
    "idempotent",
    "integration tests",
    "ios",
    "laptop review",
    "macos",
    "oauth",
    "omniauth",
    "outage",
    "pop!_os",
    "quickcheck",
    "rails",
    "react",
    "ruby",
    "safari",
    "scale",
    "standards",
    "state",
    "system76",
    "testing",
    "ui tests",
    "unit tests",
    "vscode",
    "wasm",
    "web assembly"
  ],
  "hosts": [
    "michael",
    "wes"
  ],
  "guests": [],
  "sponsors": [],
  "podcast_duration": "00:40:03",
  "podcast_file": "https://aphid.fireside.fm/d/1437767933/b44de5fa-47c1-4e94-bf9e-c72f8d1c8f5d/7effd6b8-f69b-4694-8974-cd5abf666fb1.mp3",
  "podcast_bytes": 28842863,
  "podcast_chapters": null,
  "podcast_alt_file": null,
  "podcast_ogg_file": null,
  "video_file": "http://201406.jb-dl.cdn.scaleengine.net/coderradio/2019/cr-0348.mp4",
  "video_hd_file": null,
  "video_mobile_file": null,
  "youtube_link": "https://youtu.be/mUrzhZtA1oI",
  "jb_url": "/129766/dependency-dangers-coder-radio-348/",
  "fireside_url": "/348"
}


### Episode Links

  * [TechSNAP Episode 388: The One About eBPF](https://techsnap.systems/388 "TechSNAP Episode 388: The One About eBPF") — eBPF is a technology that you’re going to be hearing more and more about. It powers low-overhead custom analysis tools, handles network security in a containerized world, and powers tools you use every day. 
  * [Feedback from Tom](https://www.reddit.com/r/CoderRadio/comments/axq0qy/rusty_rubies_coder_radio_347/ei12vpf/ "Feedback from Tom") — I don't think people need to worry about Google's/Chrome's dominance the way we did about IE6. It's not just that Chrome is cross-platform and open-source, and (with Chrome Web Apps well behind us) sticks to the standards in a way that IE did not. Practically speaking, we must keep in mind that the browser is locked down on iOS in a way that didn't exist (and wouldn't have been tolerated) back then. This means that no matter how popular Chrome becomes, an importnat portion of mobile users must use Apple's browser (engine). But also, now matter how much effort, money Google puts into their web initiatives and in spite of their browser share dominance, they can lose big as they did with web components and webasm. That's the beauty of a standards based platform.
  * [How to publish iOS apps to the App Store with GitLab and fastlane](https://about.gitlab.com/2019/03/06/ios-publishing-with-gitlab-and-fastlane/ "How to publish iOS apps to the App Store with GitLab and fastlane") — See how GitLab, together with fastlane, can build, sign, and publish apps for iOS to the App Store.
  * [Inside Clojure: Journal 2019.10 ](http://insideclojure.org/2019/03/08/journal/ "Inside Clojure: Journal 2019.10 ") — Some tests I wrote were posted on Reddit this week, which was unexpected. The one thing in there that I think is worth thinking about is how to write tests that validate returns while also being open to accretion. 
  * [QuickCheck: Automatic testing of Haskell programs](http://hackage.haskell.org/package/QuickCheck "QuickCheck: Automatic testing of Haskell programs") — QuickCheck is a library for random testing of program properties. The programmer provides a specification of the program, in the form of properties which functions should satisfy, and QuickCheck then tests that the properties hold in a large number of randomly generated cases.
  * [Darter Pro Review - dominickm.com](http://dominickm.com/darter-pro-review/ "Darter Pro Review - dominickm.com") — My continuing adventures in Linux hardware and working on Linux as a software developer has lead me to check out the System 76 Darter Pro.
  * [Google+ API Shutdown](https://developers.google.com/+/api-shutdown "Google+ API Shutdown") — Legacy Google+ APIs have been shut down as of March 7, 2019.
  * [omniauth-google-oauth2: Oauth2 strategy for Google](https://github.com/zquestz/omniauth-google-oauth2 "omniauth-google-oauth2: Oauth2 strategy for Google") — A ruby gem for Oauth2 with Google.
  * [Mention removal of Google+ API usage in CHANGELOG by stanhu · Pull Request #350 · zquestz/omniauth-google-oauth2](https://github.com/zquestz/omniauth-google-oauth2/pull/350/files "Mention removal of Google+ API usage in CHANGELOG by stanhu · Pull Request #350 · zquestz/omniauth-google-oauth2")
  * [code-server: Run VS Code on a remote server.](https://github.com/codercom/code-server "code-server: Run VS Code on a remote server.") — Code on your Chromebook, tablet, and laptop with a consistent dev environment, take advantage of large cloud servers to speed up tests, compilations, downloads, and preserve battery life when you're on the go.


