{
  "type": "episode",
  "draft": false,
  "show_slug": "coder-radio",
  "show_name": "Coder Radio",
  "episode": 517,
  "episode_padded": "0517",
  "episode_guid": "bca7d297-5610-4549-b565-97db2cc1487e",
  "slug": "517",
  "title": "Savage Serverless Shutdown",
  "description": "A scathing takedown of Serverless... By Amazon? We react to this strange revelation and more.",
  "date": "2023-05-10T03:00:00-07:00",
  "header_image": "/images/shows/coder-radio.png",
  "categories": [
    "Coder Radio"
  ],
  "tags": [
    "2024 election",
    "accurate journalism",
    "ai advancement",
    "ai and social media",
    "ai code assistants",
    "ai doomerism",
    "amazon",
    "architecture redesign",
    "bamboozled",
    "censorship",
    "codeium",
    "coder radio",
    "community reactions",
    "cost reduction",
    "delay",
    "development podcast",
    "dmca takedown",
    "driver patches",
    "empirical evidence",
    "fake news",
    "google ai team",
    "homebrew projects",
    "intel",
    "ipad",
    "kelsey hightower",
    "linode",
    "linux",
    "lockpick",
    "m3 mac",
    "media market",
    "meteor lake",
    "microservices",
    "monolith",
    "next year",
    "nintendo",
    "prime video",
    "rust",
    "self-regulation",
    "serverless",
    "skyline emulator",
    "stack overflow developer survey",
    "tailscale",
    "tsmc",
    "yield issues"
  ],
  "hosts": [
    "chris",
    "michael"
  ],
  "guests": [],
  "sponsors": [
    "linode.com-cr",
    "tailscale.com-cr"
  ],
  "podcast_duration": "00:47:18",
  "podcast_file": "https://aphid.fireside.fm/d/1437767933/b44de5fa-47c1-4e94-bf9e-c72f8d1c8f5d/bca7d297-5610-4549-b565-97db2cc1487e.mp3",
  "podcast_bytes": 39732162,
  "podcast_chapters": null,
  "podcast_alt_file": null,
  "podcast_ogg_file": null,
  "video_file": null,
  "video_hd_file": null,
  "video_mobile_file": null,
  "youtube_link": null,
  "jb_url": null,
  "fireside_url": "/517"
}


### Episode Links

  * [Revegnus on Twitter](https://twitter.com/Tech_Reve/status/1653641879249092609 "Revegnus on Twitter") — Update: No M3 Mac or iPad for this year Due to yield issues with TSMC not being able to supply enough of the M3 to Apple, Apple has delayed the release of the M3 until next year. So there will be no M3 Macs and no M3 iPads this year.
  * [Intel 14th Gen Meteor Lake-S Desktop CPU Support Added In Latest Linux Patch](https://wccftech.com/intel-14th-gen-meteor-lake-s-desktop-cpu-support-added-linux-patch/ "Intel 14th Gen Meteor Lake-S Desktop CPU Support Added In Latest Linux Patch") — There's more evidence now that Intel is going to launch its 14th Gen Meteor Lake CPU family on the desktop platform. 
  * [Even Amazon can't make sense of serverless or microservices](https://world.hey.com/dhh/even-amazon-can-t-make-sense-of-serverless-or-microservices-59625580 "Even Amazon can't make sense of serverless or microservices") — "We designed our initial solution as a distributed system using serverless components... In theory, this would allow us to scale each service component independently. However, the way we used some components caused us to hit a hard scaling limit at around 5% of the expected load." 
  * [Scaling up the Prime Video audio/video monitoring service and reducing costs by 90%](https://www.primevideotech.com/video-streaming/scaling-up-the-prime-video-audio-video-monitoring-service-and-reducing-costs-by-90 "Scaling up the Prime Video audio/video monitoring service and reducing costs by 90%") — We designed our initial solution as a distributed system using serverless components (for example, AWS Step Functions or AWS Lambda.
  * [The 2023 Developer Survey is now live!](https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/05/08/the-2023-developer-survey-is-now-live/ "The 2023 Developer Survey is now live!") — It’s that time of year again where we come to the community to say, “It’s that time of year again,” again! 
  * [Nintendo reportedly issues DMCA takedown for Switch homebrew projects](https://gbatemp.net/threads/nintendo-reportedly-issues-dmca-takedown-for-switch-homebrew-projects-skyline-switch-emulator-development-ceased.632406/ "Nintendo reportedly issues DMCA takedown for Switch homebrew projects") — Some fallout from the early leak of The Legend of Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom appears to be taking place. As players are loading the game into emulators and playing them unofficially on their computers, prior to the launch date, Nintendo is taking action to prevent that from happening.
  * [Alby: Your Boost companion for the web](https://getalby.com/ "Alby: Your Boost companion for the web") — Alby lets you send Boosts from websites like the Podcast Index and Podverse.fm
  * [Coder Radio on the Podcastindex.org](https://podcastindex.org/podcast/487548 "Coder Radio on the Podcastindex.org") — Send a Boost into the show via the web. First, top-up Alby, then head over to our entry on the Podcast Index.


