{
  "type": "episode",
  "draft": false,
  "show_slug": "coder-radio",
  "show_name": "Coder Radio",
  "episode": 525,
  "episode_padded": "0525",
  "episode_guid": "a7938610-41ba-49d6-9665-74b3a2059dd8",
  "slug": "525",
  "title": "Mike Gets Unreal",
  "description": "Mike updates us on his development adventures in Unreal 5, signs the Vision Pro might be a flop, and answer questions about abandoning Red Hat's platform.",
  "date": "2023-07-05T03:00:00-07:00",
  "header_image": "/images/shows/coder-radio.png",
  "categories": [
    "Coder Radio"
  ],
  "tags": [
    "all-china",
    "amd cpu",
    "amd cpu popularity",
    "apple",
    "apple patent",
    "baller boosts",
    "boosts",
    "build-toolchains",
    "c++ integration",
    "coder radio",
    "community contributions",
    "data pillaged",
    "developers",
    "development podcast",
    "elon musk",
    "emergency blocks",
    "linux",
    "linux gamers",
    "luxshare",
    "mac studio",
    "machine learning",
    "market share",
    "mike's adventures in unreal 5",
    "objective-c integration",
    "open-source drivers",
    "production cuts",
    "rate limits",
    "red hat",
    "rhel",
    "self-ddos",
    "software monetization",
    "steam deck",
    "swift",
    "tailscale",
    "twitter bug",
    "twitter death watch",
    "twitter dying",
    "vision pro headset",
    "xcode"
  ],
  "hosts": [
    "chris",
    "michael"
  ],
  "guests": [],
  "sponsors": [
    "tailscale.com-cr"
  ],
  "podcast_duration": "00:58:32",
  "podcast_file": "https://aphid.fireside.fm/d/1437767933/b44de5fa-47c1-4e94-bf9e-c72f8d1c8f5d/a7938610-41ba-49d6-9665-74b3a2059dd8.mp3",
  "podcast_bytes": 49173442,
  "podcast_chapters": null,
  "podcast_alt_file": null,
  "podcast_ogg_file": null,
  "video_file": null,
  "video_hd_file": null,
  "video_mobile_file": null,
  "youtube_link": null,
  "jb_url": null,
  "fireside_url": "/525"
}


### Episode Links

  * [Try a new Podcast App, cool features inbound!](https://podcastindex.org/apps "Try a new Podcast App, cool features inbound!") — Chapters, transcriptions, Boosts, and more. Try a new podcast app!
  * [Alby: Boost from the Web](https://getalby.com/ "Alby: Boost from the Web") — Create an Alby Account to get a lightning wallet for payments wherever you go. 
  * [Coder Radio on the Podcastindex.org](https://podcastindex.org/podcast/487548 "Coder Radio on the Podcastindex.org") — You can Boost the show from the Podcast Index web page, just top off Alby first, then head over to the Index!
  * [Twitter bug causes self-DDOS tied to Elon Musk's emergency blocks and rate limits: "It's amateur hour"](https://waxy.org/2023/07/twitter-bug-causes-self-ddos-possibly-causing-elon-musks-emergency-blocks-and-rate-limits-its-amateur-hour/ "Twitter bug causes self-DDOS tied to Elon Musk's emergency blocks and rate limits: "It's amateur hour"") — For the last two days, Elon Musk has claimed that Twitter is under attack from “several hundred organizations” who were conducting “EXTREME levels of data scraping,” forcing them to bring “large numbers of servers online on an emergency basis” and enact emergency measures.
  * [Elon Musk on Twitter](https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1674865731136020505 "Elon Musk on Twitter") — Temporary emergency measure. We were getting data pillaged so much that it was degrading service for normal users!
  * [Kareem Carr | Data Scientist | 📊📈 on Twitter](https://twitter.com/kareem_carr/status/1675222165220646912?s=12&t=E9EIlRX-vHxbQ8g23lQU3A "Kareem Carr | Data Scientist | 📊📈 on Twitter") — Rate limiting starts the day their cloud contract (that they were having trouble paying) ends. This can’t be a coincidence right?
  * [LINUX Unplugged 517: Caught Red-Hatted](https://linuxunplugged.com/517 "LINUX Unplugged 517: Caught Red-Hatted") — Just about every take on the Red Hat news seems to have missed the mark.
  * [Red Hat community contributions](https://www.redhat.com/en/about/open-source-program-office/contributions "Red Hat community contributions") — Red Hat is a proud contributor to all aspects of the software stack, from the operating system and developer toolchain to middleware, desktop, and cloud. We financially support a number of open source organizations who help us create and maintain better open source software. We also contribute to a wide range of standardization efforts that help define future, interoperable technologies.
  * [Apple wants Xcode to write apps for you, automatically](https://appleinsider.com/articles/23/06/27/apple-wants-xcode-to-write-apps-for-you-automatically "Apple wants Xcode to write apps for you, automatically") — "In an example, [the] code generator creates a subroutine that facilitates accessing values of the existing ML data," says Apple, "via the particular data type supported in the particular programming language" 
  * [Report: Vision Pro Headset's Complex Design Forcing Apple to Make 'Drastic' Production Cuts](https://www.macrumors.com/2023/07/03/apple-vision-pro-drastic-production-cuts/ "Report: Vision Pro Headset's Complex Design Forcing Apple to Make 'Drastic' Production Cuts") — As a result of production challenges, Apple is preparing to make fewer than 400,000 units in 2024


