{
  "type": "episode",
  "draft": false,
  "show_slug": "coder-radio",
  "show_name": "Coder Radio",
  "episode": 527,
  "episode_padded": "0527",
  "episode_guid": "bfc37cd8-6670-41ac-8b0e-5545d39d933b",
  "slug": "527",
  "title": "The Internet is for Stealing JPGs",
  "description": "Shopify has a mind-blowingly obvious solution to too many meetings, a recent failure Chris is struggling with, and more.",
  "date": "2023-07-19T03:15:00-07:00",
  "header_image": "/images/shows/coder-radio.png",
  "categories": [
    "Coder Radio"
  ],
  "tags": [
    "ai luddite",
    "api",
    "bug",
    "coder radio",
    "coo",
    "copyright protection",
    "craft",
    "developer mentor",
    "developers",
    "development",
    "development podcast",
    "domain",
    "dystopian",
    "great products",
    "intellectual property",
    "intercepted emails",
    "intuit",
    "mailchimp",
    "mali",
    "managers",
    "meetings",
    "nostr protocol",
    "peter yang",
    "quickbooks",
    "satoshi slam",
    "sensitive us military emails",
    "shopify",
    "shopify cost calculator",
    "shopify: how this e-commerce company is using calculators to put an end to 'pointless' meetings",
    "stephan kinsella",
    "time is money",
    "typo",
    "van gogh",
    "zuurbier"
  ],
  "hosts": [
    "chris",
    "michael"
  ],
  "guests": [],
  "sponsors": [
    "tailscale.com-cr"
  ],
  "podcast_duration": "00:50:57",
  "podcast_file": "https://aphid.fireside.fm/d/1437767933/b44de5fa-47c1-4e94-bf9e-c72f8d1c8f5d/bfc37cd8-6670-41ac-8b0e-5545d39d933b.mp3",
  "podcast_bytes": 42805260,
  "podcast_chapters": null,
  "podcast_alt_file": null,
  "podcast_ogg_file": null,
  "video_file": null,
  "video_hd_file": null,
  "video_mobile_file": null,
  "youtube_link": null,
  "jb_url": null,
  "fireside_url": "/527"
}


### Episode Links

  * [Alby: Your Boost companion for the web](https://getalby.com/ "Alby: Your Boost companion for the web") — Grab Alby, and then you can boost from the web. Top it off in the app or using something like CashApp. 
  * [Coder Radio on the Podcastindex.org](https://podcastindex.org/podcast/487548 "Coder Radio on the Podcastindex.org") — Send a boost from the web using the Podcast Index. Start with Alby, top it off, then head on over to our page on the Index.
  * [List of new Podcast apps](https://podcastindex.org/apps "List of new Podcast apps") — Try a Podcasting 2.0 compatible app, and you can boost and more right in the app.
  * [Kaz Nejatian (COO, Shopify): Why Shopify Elevated the Non-Manager Career Path and Ditched Meetings](https://creatoreconomy.so/p/kaz-coo-shopify-craft-and-no-meetings "Kaz Nejatian \(COO, Shopify\): Why Shopify Elevated the Non-Manager Career Path and Ditched Meetings") — The difference between crafters and managers and how Shopify rages against meetings
  * [Shopify: How this e-commerce company is using calculators to put an end to 'pointless' meetings](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/gadgets-news/why-shopify-is-shaming-employees-with-cost-calculator/articleshow/101695301.cms "Shopify: How this e-commerce company is using calculators to put an end to 'pointless' meetings") — The tool uses average compensation data across roles and disciplines, along with meeting length and attendee count, to put a price tag on the event. 
  * [Peter Yang on Twitter](https://twitter.com/petergyang/status/1679130177819881475 "Peter Yang on Twitter") — Shopify deleted 12,000 meetings this year.
  * [‘Millions’ of sensitive US military emails were reportedly sent to Mali due to a typo](https://www.theverge.com/2023/7/17/23797379/mali-ml-typo-us-military-emails-leak "‘Millions’ of sensitive US military emails were reportedly sent to Mali due to a typo") — A Dutch entrepreneur says he’s been trying to alert US military officials to the leak for a decade.
  * [Nostr Privacy](https://consentonchain.github.io/blog/posts/nostr-privacy/ "Nostr Privacy") — I have observed a few privacy issues with nostr protocol and apps related to privacy. This post is not an attempt to FUD although this could help in more users being aware of the problems and possible solutions.


