+++
title = "Steamy PostgreSQL Shower"
description = """We are coming in hot, literally. It's a day of spicy takes."""
date = "2021-09-08"
draft = false
categories = ["Coder Radio"]
tags = ["#100daysofcode","apple delays csam","chip shortage","coder radio","coding challange","development podcast","intellisense","linux missed its window","privacy as a service","python","python in visual studio code","tsmc"]
hosts = ["chris","michael"]
guests = []
sponsors = ["linode.com-cr","datadog.com-cr","acloud.guru-cr"]
header_image = "/images/shows/coderradio.png"
type = "episode"

episode = 430
podcast_duration = "00:59:57"
podcast_file = "https://aphid.fireside.fm/d/1437767933/b44de5fa-47c1-4e94-bf9e-c72f8d1c8f5d/bd5bac51-d863-4374-bec1-d0b97ea1b393.mp3"
podcast_bytes = "43164653"

youtube_link = ""
video_file = ""
+++

## Episode links

  * [Python in Visual Studio Code](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/python/python-in-visual-studio-code-september-2021-release/ "Python in Visual Studio Code") — We are pleased to announce that the September 2021 release of the Python Extension for Visual Studio Code is now available. 
  * [Apple delays rollout of CSAM detection system and child safety features](https://9to5mac.com/2021/09/03/apple-delays-csam-detection-feature/ "Apple delays rollout of CSAM detection system and child safety features") — We have decided to take additional time over the coming months to collect input and make improvements before releasing these critically important child safety features.
  * [Apple’s dangerous path](https://techcrunch.com/2021/09/04/apples-dangerous-path/ "Apple’s dangerous path")
  * [Rising chip prices expected to continue into 2022](https://9to5mac.com/2021/09/06/rising-chip-prices-expected-to-continue-into-2022-potentially-impacting-apple-and-tsmc/ "Rising chip prices expected to continue into 2022") — The company is expected to prepare its biggest price hike in a decade, which could impact a lot of tech businesses.
  * [Michael Dominick on Twitter: "I want to do a #100DaysOfCode tied into @CoderRadioShow that provides value and entertainment for the listeners / readers. Thoughts? #programming cc @wespayne @ChrisLAS PS no Clojure 😉" / Twitter](https://twitter.com/dominucco/status/1434626270587936769 "Michael Dominick on Twitter: "I want to do a #100DaysOfCode tied into @CoderRadioShow that provides value and entertainment for the listeners / readers. Thoughts? #programming cc @wespayne @ChrisLAS PS no Clojure 😉" / Twitter") — I want to do a #100DaysOfCode tied into @CoderRadioShow that provides value and entertainment for the listeners / readers. Thoughts? 

